I think I know I'm doing I don't think
any of you viewers can guess it but I
know what's gonna happen because I know
this place your pipeline Camry with that
squeaking jazz I know this place
[Music]
that's right babes oh you're in the
middle of a cycle too bad
but that was my stuff for a second
things in there okay let's just open up
everything in here can you do it
I look really comfortable why do I do
that I'm really good at the film for the
good no damn dude you face Nick one film
film film film ha thank ringtone no just
call me clothes are wrapped last time
hey Kelsey I'm at Wildwood right now
Pizza yeah wait are you going to the
pizza place or well I thought you know
they were delivering it to you hmm do it
delivered or not you even go there
do you drive where is Tim home hi you
getting a ride why oh you mean de nada
in town he stopped my friend Noah right
now well are you getting albums okay
that's fine it's just that town town
[Music]
your dress yeah no you don't have to
have the address you just walk up there
and grab it and take it home kitchen
window oh you're playing me chachi the
chinchilla wait what which window shut
off what what window is he in right
there she not huge on ass thank you try
to tell with a warped phone call he's
coming out
what
you know that he lives right in Wildwood
the apartments right across from you
yeah I'm I'm Lily down here right now in
front of your window the fuck are you
doing mm-hmm oh yeah dad's home
everyone's home all right can't see I
will see you in a little bit okay